---
layout: blog
title:  "Living in Spain #2"
author: sergej
categories: [Travel]
image: assets/images/building-own-theme.jpg
image_caption: "Photo by <a href='https://unsplash.com/@alicegrace?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText' target='_blank'>Alice Dietrich</a> on <a href='https://unsplash.com/?utm_source=unsplash&utm_medium=referral&utm_content=creditCopyText' target='_blank'>Unsplash</a>"
toc: false
comments: true
featured: false
hidden: false
---

Enjoying delicious cider for 1€ a bottle, feasting of Too Good To Go and doing laundry in a laundry store.
Welcome to the sheerless excitement of a "digital nomad".

# The situation


## The downside
There've been some struggles:
- The flat is old, noisy & lacks a couple of basic household items
- There's no central heating which makes me feel uncomfortably chilly
- My desk chair is unergonomic and makes work physically tiring
- (I just got scammed by a washing machine, because you apparently can't change the washing programm AFTER coins have been inserted)

## The upside
There're good things too though:
- This is the closest I've been to "Deep Work", because I'm physically separated from my loved ones (people and hobbies)  
  - No other activities to do besides working on cool, digital projects, writing & learning spanish
- I'm actively improving my spanish
- Working outside is really worthwhile in A Coruna 
  - There's a beautiful park just 5 minutes away
  - There're at least two cafes in every street and corner
    - Enjoying delicious pastry & coffee is the best motivation to get work done 

# Not sure about being a "digital nomad"
It's been a long time since I wanted to regard myself as a practitioner of "digital nomadism".
Making use of the openness after moving out of my previous, beautiful flat I grasped the opportunity to temporarily move to Spain.
Now here I am sharing an apartment with three fellow room mates and trying to get on with my work ([codeklasse](https://codeklasse.de) - programming with emojis).

I'm really glad to have the opportunity to leave my comfort zone and experience "authentic" lifestyle of another country.
Some of the things I noticed is that I don't necessarily need as much adventures as I might've expected.
There's probably no correlation between age and my needs, but here's the deal:
I'm 25 and I'm at a point at which I want a comfortable life:

- A nice flat to "settle" for a couple of years.
- A nice office with a standing desk
- Why not toss in a relationship as well? 